README.md, before:

# 🌟 Abhishek Singh - Professional Portfolio

[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Live%20Demo-View%20Portfolio-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://Abhisheksingh17cyber.github.io/abhireact-portfolio)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.x-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css)](https://tailwindcss.com/)

> 🎯 **Computer Science Engineering Student** | **Full-Stack Developer** | **AI/ML Enthusiast**

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 **Modern UI/UX** - Clean, professional design with smooth animations
- 📱 **Fully Responsive** - Perfect on all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- ⚡ **Performance Optimized** - Fast loading with optimized assets
- 🎭 **Interactive Animations** - Framer Motion & AOS animations
- 📄 **Downloadable Resume** - Direct PDF download functionality
- 🏆 **Certificate Gallery** - Showcase of professional certifications
- 🌙 **Dark/Light Mode** - Theme switching capability
- 📧 **Contact Form** - Functional contact form with validation

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **React.js** - UI Framework
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **Framer Motion** - Animations
- **React Router** - Navigation
- **Lucide React** - Icons

### Tools & Deployment
- **GitHub Pages** - Hosting
- **Git** - Version Control
- **VS Code** - Development Environment

## 🎓 About Me

Motivated Computer Science Engineering student with hands-on experience in:
- **Web Development** (React.js, Node.js, JavaScript)
- **AI/ML Technologies** (Generative AI, Prompt Engineering)
- **Digital Marketing** (SEO, Content Marketing, AI-Powered Ads)
- **Cybersecurity** (Network Security, Risk Management)

## 📚 Certifications Showcased

- 🔹 ReactJS Foundations Course - ScholarHat
- 🔹 AI for Beginners - HP LIFE Foundation  
- 🔹 Introduction to Generative AI - Google Cloud
- 🔹 AI-Powered Shopping Ads - Google
- 🔹 Cybersecurity Fundamentals - Tech Mahindra
- 🔹 SEO Crash Course - Semrush Academy
- *...and more professional certifications*

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/Abhisheksingh17cyber/abhireact-portfolio.git

# Install dependencies
cd abhireact-portfolio
npm install

# Start development server
npm start

# Build for production
npm run build

# Deploy to GitHub Pages
npm run deploy
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── components/           # Reusable UI components
├── assets/              # Images, certificates, documents
├── data/                # Static data files
├── styles/              # Global styles
└── utils/               # Helper functions
```

## 🎯 Key Sections

- 🏠 **Hero Section** - Dynamic introduction with animations
- 👨‍💻 **About** - Professional summary and skills
- 💼 **Experience** - Work experience and internships
- 🚀 **Projects** - Featured development projects
- 🏆 **Certifications** - Professional certificates gallery
- 📞 **Contact** - Get in touch form

## 📱 Responsive Design

- ✅ Mobile-first approach
- ✅ Tablet optimization
- ✅ Desktop enhancement
- ✅ Cross-browser compatibility

## 🔧 Performance Features

- ⚡ Lazy loading images
- 🗜️ Optimized bundle size
- 📦 Component code splitting
- 🚀 Fast initial load time

## 📈 SEO Optimized

- 🎯 Meta tags optimization
- 📝 Semantic HTML structure
- 🔍 Search engine friendly
- 📊 Performance metrics tracking

## 🤝 Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/abhishek-singh0717)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Follow-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/Abhisheksingh17cyber)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:abhiisingh240@gmail.com)

## 📄 Resume & CV

📥 [Download Resume](./src/assets/documents/abhi.pdf)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Abhisheksingh17cyber&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Abhisheksingh17cyber&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

### 🌟 If you like this portfolio, please give it a ⭐!

**Built with ❤️ by Abhishek Singh**

Commit message:

Add MIT License and update project documentation

README.md, after:

# 🌟 Abhishek Singh - Professional Portfolio

[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Live%20Demo-View%20Portfolio-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://Abhisheksingh17cyber.github.io/abhireact-portfolio)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.x-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css)](https://tailwindcss.com/)

> 🎯 **Computer Science Engineering Student** | **Full-Stack Developer** | **AI/ML Enthusiast**

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 **Modern UI/UX** - Clean, professional design with smooth animations
- 📱 **Fully Responsive** - Perfect on all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- ⚡ **Performance Optimized** - Fast loading with optimized assets
- 🎭 **Interactive Animations** - Framer Motion & AOS animations
- 📄 **Downloadable Resume** - Direct PDF download functionality
- 🏆 **Certificate Gallery** - Showcase of professional certifications
- 🌙 **Dark/Light Mode** - Theme switching capability
- 📧 **Contact Form** - Functional contact form with validation

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **React.js** - UI Framework
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **Framer Motion** - Animations
- **React Router** - Navigation
- **Lucide React** - Icons

### Tools & Deployment
- **GitHub Pages** - Hosting
- **Git** - Version Control
- **VS Code** - Development Environment

## 🎓 About Me

Motivated Computer Science Engineering student with hands-on experience in:
- **Web Development** (React.js, Node.js, JavaScript)
- **AI/ML Technologies** (Generative AI, Prompt Engineering)
- **Digital Marketing** (SEO, Content Marketing, AI-Powered Ads)
- **Cybersecurity** (Network Security, Risk Management)

## 📚 Certifications Showcased

- 🔹 ReactJS Foundations Course - ScholarHat
- 🔹 AI for Beginners - HP LIFE Foundation  
- 🔹 Introduction to Generative AI - Google Cloud
- 🔹 AI-Powered Shopping Ads - Google
- 🔹 Cybersecurity Fundamentals - Tech Mahindra
- 🔹 SEO Crash Course - Semrush Academy
- *...and more professional certifications*

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/Abhisheksingh17cyber/abhireact-portfolio.git

# Install dependencies
cd abhireact-portfolio
npm install

# Start development server
npm start

# Build for production
npm run build

# Deploy to GitHub Pages
npm run deploy
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── components/           # Reusable UI components
├── assets/              # Images, certificates, documents
├── data/                # Static data files
├── styles/              # Global styles
└── utils/               # Helper functions
```

## 🎯 Key Sections

- 🏠 **Hero Section** - Dynamic introduction with animations
- 👨‍💻 **About** - Professional summary and skills
- 💼 **Experience** - Work experience and internships
- 🚀 **Projects** - Featured development projects
- 🏆 **Certifications** - Professional certificates gallery
- 📞 **Contact** - Get in touch form

## 📱 Responsive Design

- ✅ Mobile-first approach
- ✅ Tablet optimization
- ✅ Desktop enhancement
- ✅ Cross-browser compatibility

## 🔧 Performance Features

- ⚡ Lazy loading images
- 🗜️ Optimized bundle size
- 📦 Component code splitting
- 🚀 Fast initial load time

## 📈 SEO Optimized

- 🎯 Meta tags optimization
- 📝 Semantic HTML structure
- 🔍 Search engine friendly
- 📊 Performance metrics tracking

## 🤝 Connect With Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/abhishek-singh0717)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Follow-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/Abhisheksingh17cyber)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:abhiisingh240@gmail.com)

## 📄 Resume & CV

📥 [Download Resume](./src/assets/documents/abhi.pdf)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Abhisheksingh17cyber&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Abhisheksingh17cyber&layout=compact&theme=radical)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE) - see the LICENSE file for details.

### What this means:
- ✅ **Free to use** - Use this portfolio template for personal or commercial projects
- ✅ **Modify freely** - Customize and adapt the code to your needs
- ✅ **Share and distribute** - Share the template with others
- ✅ **Attribution appreciated** - Credit the original author (optional but appreciated)

---

### 🌟 If you like this portfolio, please give it a ⭐!

**Built with ❤️ by Abhishek Singh**
